Fix issues in test guide (#6359)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/test-document-the-code/test-ballerina-code/mocking.md

***Example:***

> Consider the following example where an http:Client interacts with an external endpoint to get a random joke.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following example in which an `http:Client` interacts with an external endpoint to get a random joke.
```

***main.bal***

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/http;
import ballerina/regex;

> http:Client clientEndpoint = check new ("https://api.chucknorris.io/jokes/");

Reviewer 2: Shall we make this final? This will get the function to be inferred as isolated.

Author: If we mark it as final, we can't assign mock objects directly and we'll have to use function mocking to set the mock object which might complicate the example IMO.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, forgot. But, shouldn't that be our recommendation? Given that it won't work with isolated if not?

Author: we have specified how to mock `final` clients in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/6322

This section aims to introduce the capabilities of object mocking.  When the variable is final, it requires a function mocking layer to set the mock object as it cannot be set directly. 
Maybe we can add a note to mention that we recommend using final clients and point to the `final mock` section. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: If that's the case I guess it's OK to go with the current content.

// This function performs a `get` request to the Chuck Norris API and returns a random joke 
// with the name replaced by the provided name or an error if the API invocation fails.
function getRandomJoke(string name) returns string|error {

    http:Response response = check clientEndpoint->get("/random");

    if response.statusCode != http:STATUS_OK {
        string errorMsg = "error occurred while sending GET request";
        io:println(errorMsg, ", status code: ", response.statusCode, ", payload: ", response.getJsonPayload());
        return error(errorMsg);
    }

>     json payload = check response.getJsonPayload().ensureType();

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we simplify this using data binding? Do we really need the response/status codes? Even if we do, we may be able to check by `http:ApplicationResponseError`.

Author: Fixed with 539d304dea66d953a5d45925210ca0a017f58bdf

    string joke = check payload.value;
    string replacedText = regex:replaceAll(joke, "Chuck Norris", name);
    return replacedText;
}
```

> Let's write tests for above `main.bal` to define a test double for the `clientEndpoint` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's write tests for the above `main.bal` file to define a test double for the `clientEndpoint` object.
```

// This function performs a `get` request to the Chuck Norris API and returns a random joke 
// or an error if the API invocations fail.
function getRandomJoke(string name, string category = "food") returns string|error {
    http:Response response = check clientEndpoint->get("/categories");

    if response.statusCode != http:STATUS_OK {
        return createError(response);
    }

>     // Check if the provided category is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Check if the provided category is available.
```
